detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a drama thriller film called
girl in the basement spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
in the middle of the night sarah and her
father dawn
rush marie to the hospital marie sits at
the back of the car as she struggles to
breathe while sarah holds her
all of a sudden marie stops breathing
and sarah immediately demands her father
to drive faster
once they reach the hospital don carries
murray and tells sarah not to say a word
to anyone before finally going inside
the doctors and nurses take marie away
while sarah and don are left in the
corner to wait 20 years ago
during a family dinner sarah cody tells
her father that she's going to be late
for a party
this takes donna back since he didn't
know that sarah had plans to go to a
party
so he asked his wife irene about this
irene says she was going to tell him but
didn't get around to it sarah assures
him that it's no big deal since it's
only a party but her father disagrees
asserting the big deal is her attitude
he grabs sarah's hand and forces her to
sit while she turns to her mother
claiming that she already allowed her
weeks ago however irene could only
apologetically tell sarah to listen to
her father
sarah's sister amy offers to take her to
the party but dawn tells her to stay out
of it
he forbids his daughter from going to
the party before demanding her to stay
in her room as soon as everyone is
asleep
sarah sneaks out of the house and meets
her boyfriend chris who's waiting for
her outside
the two leave on chris's motorcycle
while back at home irene knocks on
sarah's door
asking her daughter to talk to her as
irene continues to knock
don gets mad and starts banging on the
door demanding her to open it
irene tries to reason that sarah
probably just wants some time alone but
he ignores her and unlocks the door
anyway inside they find sarah's bed
empty in the window open
disappointed don says sarah is a problem
before leaving the room
at the outdoor party sarah and chris are
having a good time dancing
meanwhile don is fuming at home looking
out the window now and then to check if
sarah's back
chris then takes sarah away from the
crowd to acquire her spot as they sit on
the grass
chris sings his girlfriend a song before
finally telling her that he loves her to
which she responds that she loves him
too
sarah goes home the following morning
and as dawn waits for her by the porch
he sees sarah kissing chris before
saying goodbye to each other he then
watches his daughter walk to the house
but not toward the front door
don calls her attention telling her to
come in the front door like a normal
person adding that she can't make up her
own rules
ignoring her father sarah tries to walk
past him but dawn blocks her path
saying that they're not done yet don
asks her if chris is her boyfriend but
sarah currently tells him that it's none
of his business
when don asks her if they've given her
permission to date motorcycle boys
sarah gets pissed and promises her
father that she'll be out of their house
once she turns 18 and that they won't
see her again
feeling disrespected don gently pins
sarah against the door reminding her
that when she's in his house
she has to follow his rules sarah tells
her father to get off her and just in
time
her mother comes down from the stairs to
ask them what's going on sarah breaks
free from her father's grasp and as she
goes upstairs
and past her mother she tells irene that
her father is crazy while in bed amy
talks to sarah about her sneaking out
and hopes that it was worth it
sarah says it was adding that chris said
he loved her they giggle like little
girls and amy reminds her that she'll be
out of their house in no time
she just needs to keep her head down and
be cool in a hush voice
sarah says somebody needs to stand up to
dawn she calls him crazy and complains
that her mother is just letting him walk
all over her
despite what sarah just said amy warns
her not to mess with him then
sarah's mother enters her room to let
her know that she's grounded for a week
annoyed
sarah swears again that she's leaving as
soon as she turns 18. meanwhile her
father stands outside her door
listening to their conversation when
asked if she has a plan sarah says she
intends to travel the world and start in
florida
getting jobs that will help her work her
way across the country her mother
supports her but she also reminds sarah
not to be reckless
unhappy with what he just heard don goes
down to the basement and sits down to
think
then he walks up to the bookshelf and
starts pushing it revealing a door to a
secret room
three months later after sarah has
graduated she talks to chris on the
phone about her plans
when irene asks her where her father is
she says he's out front
her mother says that it's good for him
and that she's worried that he's been
spending too much time in the basement
lately
irene then leaves and when he's sure his
wife is gone don tells sarah to hang up
the phone and help him with something
sarah apologizes to chris and hangs up
before assisting her father with
carrying a big box down the basement
down there don pushes the bookshelf
aside and sarah is surprised to see the
secret room
she asks him what that room is for and
don explains that the previous owner has
built the bomb shelter
and he later added some improvements
after bringing the box inside the bomb
shelter
don asks his daughter what she thinks of
it she says it's not nice since there
are no windows and don only tells her
that's too bad before locking her inside
sarah bangs the door and yells pleading
with her father to let her out but don
ignores her and leaves
scared sarah takes a look around the
room which only has a sink in the shower
head
sarah opens the box they carried and
finds her clothes and other belongings
inside
once again she tries calling for help
while her father pushes the bookshelf
back to its place
hiding the secret door after failing to
guess the door's security code three
times the lights go out and sarah's left
to use the flashlight inside her box
she tries looking for anything that
might be useful to her and she ends up
spotting the vent
sarah goes near it screaming for her
mother but don is already on the other
side of the vent he covers it to make
sure that no one will hear her
finally satisfied don goes back upstairs
as darkness falls irene gets worried
since sarah isn't home yet
amy says that sarah is probably just at
her friend's house but irene is still
worried and says she'll call the cops
don then tells her that sarah will
probably be home the following morning
but his wife is determined to call the
police
as she leaves the room irene instructs
amy to contact chris while don sits
there
pretending not to know anything days
pass and sarah remains in the bomb
shelter
with nothing else to do she either paces
around the room or tries unlocking the
door's code until the lights go out
on the fourth day her father finally
decides to visit her so sarah hides
behind a pillar
as soon as he gets inside she pushes him
out of the way and gets out of the door
only to be trapped outside the second
door she screams for her mother but her
father tells her that no matter how loud
she screams no one will hear her
don then grabs sarah by the hair and
drags her back inside the bomb shelter
she's adamant that he can't do this to
her adding that there's no air so she
can't breathe
don explains that as long as there's
power there's air three failed attempts
on the keypad will shut the power off
including the ventilation system when he
reveals that he changes the code every
day
sarah steps back away from him asking
why he's doing this to her don only
tells her that this is the consequence
of her being disrespectful
and that everything she gets she will
earn he asks her if she understands him
and when sarah doesn't answer
he slaps her and pins her to the door
before forcing himself on her
outside the door don watches his
daughter slowly get up from the floor
only to throw up
with that he takes his leave irene talks
to a cop and tells him that it's unlike
her daughter just to run off
the cop says that since sarah is already
18 she can come and go as she pleases
he then asks sarah's parents if she
might just be staying at a friend's
house and irene tearfully replies that
she doesn't have many friends
the officer asks if she's got a
boyfriend and amy tells him that chris
hasn't seen sarah
either wanting to know who chris is the
officer asks for his number and amy
leaves the room to get it
after a few more questions don tells the
officer that sarah's bag and some of her
clothes are missing he also asks irene
if she mentioned sarah's plan to the
officer
so irene tells the officer about her
daughter's plan to travel starting from
florida
sobbing irene insists that sarah
wouldn't leave without saying goodbye to
her and that she hasn't even had her
birthday yet
the officer then informs them that
they've already filed a missing person's
report but since they have no leads
that's all he can do at that point
in the bomb shelter sarah gets more
frustrated his days pass
demoralized sarah could only think of
her boyfriend and their plan to go to
florida
one day while dawn is mowing the lawn
chris shows up at their house looking
for sarah
saying the cops called him and that he
has something for her don makes up a
story about sarah running off with a guy
named steve
he explains that sarah and steve are
childhood friends and that she's always
talked about running off with him as
soon as she graduates
don says that according to his wife the
two are in florida and sarah is working
as a waitress
upset chris prepares to leave and as he
does don pretends to sympathize with him
on her 21st day in captivity dawn brings
sarah a foldable chair and a small cake
for her 18th birthday
he gives sarah a red dress and asks her
to put it on once she's done
dawn tells her to pick something she
wants and when she says she wants to get
out he tells her that it's too early for
that
when she asks for television he says she
needs to earn that so sarah asks for a
clock instead
and he agrees he then tells sarah to
come near him and when she calls him dad
he instructs her to call him don sarah
walks toward her father and later on she
gets a clock
on the 38th day she receives some canned
goods and this gives her the idea of
making a weapon out of the small tin can
when her father arrives sarah is already
in her red dress and with a makeshift
weapon in her hand behind her back
she tries attacking her father but dawn
is too quick and he disarms her with
ease he throws sarah against the wall
and as she hits the floor
don brutally steps on her arm the sick
and twisted man forces himself on sarah
once more
under the guise of teaching her a lesson
a year has gone by and don gets sarah
pregnant as she cleans one day
her water suddenly breaks and with the
help of the pregnancy book she has
sarah gives birth to her first child
alone she calls her child marie and when
don learns that sarah has already given
birth he tells her that motherhood will
provide her with a sense of purpose
marie stays with sarah in the basement
and in her fourth year in captivity
sarah gets pregnant again worry about
having another baby sarah tries to ask
don if he can finally let them out but
he only gets furious with her
pissed don leaves and joins irene and
amy upstairs for dinner
amy congratulates her father for his
recent promotion and when irene asks if
they could hire a private investigator
since don is getting a raise
he tells her no don says irene has
already spent five thousand dollars by
going to florida to find sarah and
they're not going to waste any more
money
irene says she'll never stop searching
for her daughter not caring how much it
costs them
this upsets don saying they have another
daughter as he points to amy
that night don brings sarah and maria
television as a christmas present
in her seventh year in captivity when
sarah has already given birth to their
second child
sarah asked adan to bring some medicine
for marie however don gives the kind
that is for adults
upsetting her she tells dawn that
they're the wrong kind and that they
could poison her daughter
unbothered dawn tells her that she and
amy got sick all the time but their
mother managed to handle it
he adds that since she's the mother now
she needs to take care of it
sarah insists that marie needs a doctor
but don ignores her and leaves
to put marie to sleep sarah tells her a
story and sings her the song chris has
made for her
one day chris visits sarah's house
hoping to hear anything from her
he sees amy who's staying in her parents
house for the weekend and asks if
there's any news about sarah
when she replies that they still haven't
heard from her chris mentioned steve
which confuses amy
chris tells her that her father has told
him about steve and sarah which only
confuses her even more
wondering when the two men have talked
to each other pregnant for the third
time
sarah tells marie to refrain from
singing marie tells her that she wants
to go outside with don and when sarah
tells her she can
she really talks back to her making
sarah put her on timeout
meanwhile chris learns from amy that don
was lying about steve and sarah
realizing that it's just a made-up story
when he asks amy what she thinks really
happened to sarah
she says that she imagines her sister
happily living somewhere but amy admits
that sometimes she thinks her father has
done something to her
amy mentions that one time her father
hit her mother and irene was in the
hospital for two days
after learning about don's lie irene
confronts her husband asking him why he
lied to chris
he arrogantly tells her that it doesn't
make any difference if he lies to some
lowlife like him who's been sneaking
around with sarah
unable to control herself amy asks him
if he did something to sarah but don
says that all he's ever done is to
provide for them
irene is fed up at this point and she
tells her husband that she will hire a
private investigator and that she
doesn't care what he'll say
irene storms off and when dawn follows
her amy notices the keys he left on the
sofa
she takes them and goes down to the
basement where just in the bomb shelter
behind the bookshelf
her sister is going into labor as amy
searches the basement don shows up and
asks for his keys back before angrily
sending her away
for the third time sarah gives birth and
when don arrives and asks for the
child's name
she says they're calling him thomas
sarah gives donna massage
and as she does she suggests that he
should take thomas upstairs since there
isn't enough room for the three of them
down there
she tries sweet-talking her father
convincing him that if thomas stays with
him up there
she'll have more time to take care of
dawn realizing that sarah is okay
dawn leaves thomas on their porch with a
note from sarah saying that she hopes
she'll take care of her son
thomas as irene lifts the baby she
doesn't notice that there's a smaller
note in the bassinet
she calls don who pretends to be
clueless and tells him that the baby is
serious
as irene takes thomas inside don finds
the note and reads it
he goes to the basement and tells sarah
that he's found her message that's
supposed to inform her mother that she's
being held captive in the basement
don throws the small piece of paper on
her face and orders her to wear her red
dress
saying she still hasn't learned anything
after 14 years in the basement
sarah is pregnant once more one day
marie decides to wear makeup and when
sarah sees the way dawn is looking at
her daughter
she tells him to stay away from her just
to get back at her don turns off the
power as he leaves
with no ventilation system marie
struggles to breathe so they have to
stay near the vent
feeling sad marie tells sarah that she
doesn't have any friends and she's
worried that she might not meet anyone
not even a nice boy sarah assures marie
that she will and that she's working on
it
out of the blue marie asks sarah how she
met her dad sarah then confesses to
marie that she's known marie's father
almost her whole life and marie tells
her to get a divorce once they get out
of the basement
in her 17th year in captivity sarah gets
pregnant once again
in their house irene tells thomas how
much she misses sarah
thomas wants to know what sarah is like
and irene tells him that his mother is
magnificent
in the bomb shelter sarah takes
advantage of the leaking water caused by
the rain and tries to dig through the
ceiling using a spoon
she's able to dig a hole deep enough to
reach a sewer she then flashes a light
through it and a man passing by season
unfortunately the man informs dawn about
the light telling him that somebody is
sending a signal to someone
angry don goes to the basement and beats
sarah with marie and her youngest son
michael watching
when dawn leaves sarah bleeds and goes
into labor sadly the baby dies leaving
dawn to take the body and bury it
on the 18th year marie and michael get
impatient and tell dawn that they want
to get out
don however says that it depends on
their mother if she learns to behave
herself
once dawn is gone marie and michael take
their frustration on their mother
blaming her for why they're still
trapped there
sarah tries to reason that she's just
trying to protect them but the two
continue screaming
still demanding to go outside by then
sarah loses it and she starts breaking
their things while her children watch
the woman breaks down and lies on the
floor left with nothing but memories of
better days with chris and the life
robbed from her by her own father
the kids feel guilty so michael and
marie clean up her mess then apologize
to her
mumbling to herself sarah mentions amy
and when the kids ask who amy is
she admits that she hasn't been
completely honest with them she starts
telling them her story
saying she used to live upstairs with
her sister amy sarah says she had a mom
and a dad
but she didn't get along with her father
she continues her story
explaining how dawn tricked her into
getting in the basement before locking
her in there
as marie and michael understand who dawn
really is marie starts to have an asthma
attack
while marie is having an episode michael
asks sarah what's wrong with them
and she firmly asserts that nothing's
wrong with them that it's always been
don who's at fault
year 19 comes and don comes to the
basement with little supplies for sarah
and her kids
sarah protests about how they are
already rationing their supplies but don
only insults her making michael angry he
yells at don demanding him not to talk
to his mother that way
but don taunts his son and mocks him
about how there's nothing he can do
without thinking he attacks don but the
boy barely even hurt him
when sarah is finally able to control
him don turns off the power and leaves
life goes on for the coatis don gets
fired from work so he and irene are
beginning to argue frequently about
money
sarah tries her best to make her
children happy in the cramped basement
that's all they've ever known while
trying to find a way for them to get
help
one night don attaches a tube from her
car's exhaust to the vent leading to the
basement
he closes the garage door and starts his
car making all the smoke go directly to
the basement
as dawn sits in his car thomas shows up
and he is forced to turn the engine off
he then goes to the basement to check if
sarah and her kids are okay and he's
relieved to see that they are
during their 20th year of captivity
sarah's daughter gets a severe asthma
attack and can barely even breathe
when dawn finally arrives sarah begs him
to take them to the hospital
don refuses it first but sarah is
finally able to persuade him
they leave michael in the basement and
in the hospital the doctor tells sarah
and don that marie is in critical
condition
while the doctor talks to don about
marie's medical history sarah stays
quiet just staring at the clock the
whole time
while don is looking away sarah spills
water on marie's medical paper
forcing don to leave and get another one
sarah seizes the opportunity to ask for
help from the doctor
finally leading to don's arrest when
murray wakes up
sarah tells her that they're finally
free back at home the police are able to
rescue michael from the basement
the three siblings are finally reunited
and as sarah amy and irene watch them
from the porch
chris suddenly shows up sarah and chris
catch up and as they talk
chris apologizes to her for believing
don's story and not looking for her
sarah however tells him that she's never
stopped thinking about him for 20 years
chris gave sarah a new helmet which he
was supposed to give to her the day he
talked to don
after 20 long years the two of them
finally go for a ride once more
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching